For the Derpnet IRC server project.

The folder doc contains the new set of RFCs for IRC (numbers 2810-2813).  The
old RFC (number 1459) is superceded by these.  In addition, our own technical
and non-technical documents are in this folder.

We have an IRC channel: #derpnet at irc.foonetic.net.  Our faithful bot
DerpBot will tell us whenever someone pushes an update.  This channel is for
bootstrap purposes until we have an existing DerpNet implementation.

Open source implementations that we have found should be added here: 
* An incomplete Haskell implementation:
  http://chrisdone.com/posts/2011-01-30-hulk-haskell-irc-server.html

WE HAVE MIGRATED TO AUTOTOOLS.  Here are the important consequences of this:

We are now using a non-recursive autoconf/automake.  You should edit
Makefile.am and configure.ac ONLY -- not Makefile itself.  That is a scary
thing.  After doing so, before you commit, run 'make clean'.  That will
propagate the changes from those two files to the rest of the important ones.
Please look especially at Makefile.am, as most of it is pretty simple, and
also important, if you wish change the structure of the source.

Secondly, we now have NEWS and ChangeLog.  I'm going to say that we should
probably let ChangeLog be empty until we're at the point where we're making
small, organized changes.  NEWS is a good place to put what you're doing.

Thirdly, we now have an AUTHORS file.  This file is not complete, and ideally
will include @DerpNet email addresses for the authors (possibly in addition to
other addresses).

Also, style things:

All .h files should be wrapped in #ifndef #endif, as all currently are.

Includes are grouped by class: 
* First, system things outside of Derpnet.  
* Second, files within Derpnet that are NOT in the current folder (and thus
  use <> instead of "" -- important!).  Third, other files in the same
  folder, which should always use "".  Fourth, the file's own header.

Indentation should be done with tabs.  For users for whom this is not
desirable, git contains rules which can be used to automatically replace tabs
and spaces on commits and pulls.


